But there's always a stench
Smells like a pigsty
Rich people are definitely not butchers
It smells like animals.
Or he kept expensive animals
Or rather
It's something that needs to be taken care of by the boss himself.
Really?
Your Highness, this is the last horse farmer
They sell horses
But only horses
I heard about that.
The horses of the big money generals were also bought by their families
Can't be wrong, it's him
Come on. Let's go in.
Xiao Chen just died
Go after it
What's wrong, Xiao Chen?
Did you run away?
Your Highness is not me
The dog saw me and came after me
He took his own life.
No, so cruel
But I found this on him
What's the matter, Your Highness?
Master Xu
This bastard divides the account into powder
You have to compile these accounts to know where the money is going